session violation detection (#5771)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/concepts/policies/index.md

Identity Threat Protection with Okta AI is an identity threat solution that combines current security practices with continuous real-time risk assessment. See [Identity Threat Protection with Okta AI](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-itp-overview). Identity Threat Protection uses the entity risk policy and session protection policy for these threat evaluations.

* [Entity risk policy](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Policy/#tag/Policy/operation/createPolicy): This policy monitors your org for entity risk changes related to identity-based threats. For Admin Console tasks and further information, see [Entity risk policy](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=csh-entity-risk-policy).

> * [Session violation detection policy](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Policy/#tag/Policy/operation/createPolicy) (`SESSION_VIOLATION_DETECTION`): This policy defines the logic for when the global session policy and the application sign-on policy are re-evaluated. For Admin Console tasks and further information, see [Session protection](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=csh-continuous-access-evaluation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Session violation detection policy](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Policy/#tag/Policy/operation/createPolicy) (`SESSION_VIOLATION_DETECTION`): This policy defines the logic for when Okta re-evaluates the global session and app sign-on policies. For Admin Console tasks and further information, see [Session protection](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=csh-continuous-access-evaluation).
```
